Fix typos in the Doc directory (#28744)
python/cpython: Doc/library/curses.rst

.. method:: window.getbegyx()

>    Return a tuple ``(y, x)`` of coordinates of upper-left corner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Return a tuple ``(y, x)`` of co-ordinates of upper-left corner.
```

It's an archaic spelling for sure but it's not a typo. I'd leave this as is.

Author: I thought the same but then even Google corrected this...  https://www.google.com/search?q=co-ordinates

Committing your suggestion.
